added deeplearning.ai artificial intell course details (#7567)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: courses/free-courses-en.md

* [CS50’s Introduction to Artificial Intelligence with Python](https://cs50.harvard.edu/ai/2020/) - Brian Yu, David J. Malan (Harvard OpenCourseWare and EdX)
* [Elements of AI](https://www.elementsofai.com) - University of Helsinki, Reaktor
* [IBM AI Engineering Professional Certificate](https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ai-engineer) - Romeo Kienzler, Saeed Aghabozorgi, Joseph Santarcangelo, Alex Aklson et al. (Coursera)

> * [Introduction to TensorFlow for Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Deep Learning](https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-tensorflow?utm_source=gg&utm_medium=sem&utm_campaign=07_MachineLearningStanfordSearch-ROW&utm_content=B2C&campaignid=2070742271&adgroupid=112394854539&device=c&keyword=&matchtype=&network=g&devicemodel=&adpostion=&creativeid=475480534925&hide_mobile_promo=&gclid=EAIaIQobChMIt9TJibHH-gIV6oBQBh2pPQcfEAAYAyAAEgJH_fD_BwE) - DeepLearning.AI (Coursera)

Reviewer: please strip tracking data from link

Reviewer 2: Cleaning URL and adding instructor

```suggestion
* [Introduction to TensorFlow for Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Deep Learning](https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-tensorflow) - DeepLearning.AI, `tch.:` Laurence Moroney (Coursera)
```
